hey you guys it's Eugenia so today I
wanted to tell you guys about one of my
newest favorite projects actually so
recently a company called madam glam
reached out to me about some butter nail
polishes and they were so nice because
they actually let me choose three shades
that I really liked off of the one on
their new collections and they also sent
me three surprise shades which was
really awesome I was really excited as
it turns out because I always like to
have my nails painted especially in
black like I pretty much always paint my
nails black like honestly there was a
way that I could just permanently have
black nails I would honestly do it
because that's not permitted I am it's
always having black nails but yeah I
also picked two other shades which I'll
also wear cuz they're all really really
pretty so these are the ones that I
chose so the first one is called my
precious this is the black one that I
chose actually and it's a little
different than some of my other black
nail polishes because it's black but it
has like this pretty like sparkle in it
so it's kind of like a glittery black
nail polish and that's actually the one
I'm wearing right now one thing that I
really really like about it that I found
is I was actually away in Disney like
all of last week and I painted my nails
for that trip honestly it states so well
unless I would be like using my hands a
lot then it would just stay on and it
wouldn't ship and that's like the one
thing I do it like about a lot of my
other black nail polishes is that they
look great at first but the night ship
and that just ruins it so I don't know
how clearly you can see this home but
that's what this color looks like up
close so as you can see it's like a
black shade but it's like special
because it's really shiny and it kind of
looks like stars or constellations or
something because it is this really
pretty sparkle in it they sent me
electric five which is this really
pretty like bluish purplish shade
they sent me this like more like intense
purple shade which is called text me
later so those are the three that I
chose that I really liked and I also got
three really cool surprise shades so I
got this blue one and it's called cote
de Azure no clue if I'm saying that
right or not another thing I absolutely
loved about this as it came up bubble
wrap and I'm so addicted to popping
Melora I got this greenish one called
hearthstone so it's like this pretty
green it actually kind of reminds me of
like an emerald or something which is
probably why it's called arts doing cuz
it looks like some really pretty jewel
kind of color and then I also got this
pink shade it's like a bright pink shape
called hot and spicy and I love them all
like I said they honestly work like
super super well in my experience they
definitely in my experience do not ship
as easy as certain other nail polishes
so that's something I really really love
about these is they do not ship easily
my experience and they look great and it
also came in very pretty packaging I
really liked it it says madam Glenn and
then it has this girl on it with her eye
closed and her hair like in her eye so
if any of you guys want to try out this
nail polish or madam glam I honestly
think it's seriously like one of my new
favorite nail polishes on now because I
feel like it just works really well and
it's super pretty and I think it's a
really good product so if any of you
guys do want to try that out then you
guys can actually get a 30% discount
because I'm gonna give you a code where
you get a discount so look at you
watching this video so if you want a
discount on any nail washes off this
site then this is the code that you were
gonna want to use so the code that
you're gonna wanna use is why t30 o f
app and to make it very easy for you
guys I'm actually just gonna post a link
right down there and
for you guys check out and then you can
find your boss and stuff so and thank
you so much again to madam glam for
sending me this nail polish that was so
nice to them and I really love and
appreciate it and I think it works
really good I'm gonna wear it like all
the time and you guys did enjoy this
video if you did be sure to give it
thumbs up and subscribe to my youtube
channel if you haven't yet because I am
trying to get to a hundred thousand
subscribers by the end of this year so
help me make that happen maybe let's see
if we can get this video to 500 likes
alright well I'll see you guys all
really soon and I love you all
alright bye